feat: chrome headless new (#26481)
cypress-io/cypress: cli/CHANGELOG.md

_Released 06/20/2023 (PENDING)_

**Features:**

> - Added support for running cypress tests with the new `--headless=new` flag. Chrome versions 112 and above will now be run in a headless mode that matches the headed browser implementation. Addresses [#25972](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/25972)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for running Cypress tests with [Chrome's new `--headless=new` flag](https://developer.chrome.com/articles/new-headless/). Chrome versions 112 and above will now be run in the `headless` mode that matches the `headed` browser implementation. Addresses [#25972](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/25972).
```
